README.md, before:

# Teamspeak Accessibility Mod
A teamspeak mod to make Teamspeak 6 Accessible for screen reader users
## Usage
Usage of this mod is straight forward for the most users, if you need help you can open an issue ticket
### MacOS
  you can simply run the .command file and it will open Teamspeak with the accessibility mod injected
### Windows
  First run setup.ps1 to setup the enviroment and then run run.ps1, to start Teamspeak with accessibility mod, you have to run setup.ps1 once
### Linux
  make run to start the Teamspeak client with the mod!
## Troubleshooting
  You have to install python to run this mod, you can find it on the official website
  if the mod doesn't work it's most likely that you haven't install python or you haven't installed it properly
## Issues and Feedbacks
  As sad you can open an issue for Issues and Feedback and improvements
## If u want to support this mod
  If you want to support me on this project you can contribute at it, letting me know or you can share it with who needs it or who you want! :D

Commit message:

Add priority goals section to README
Added priority goals for accessibility improvements.

README.md, after:

# Teamspeak Accessibility Mod
A teamspeak mod to make Teamspeak 6 Accessible for screen reader users

## Priority GOALS
  - [ ] Improved and complete settings accessibility
  - [ ] Cleanup for better navigation
  - [ ] Screen reader hints

## Usage
Usage of this mod is straight forward for the most users, if you need help you can open an issue ticket
### MacOS
  you can simply run the .command file and it will open Teamspeak with the accessibility mod injected
### Windows
  First run setup.ps1 to setup the enviroment and then run run.ps1, to start Teamspeak with accessibility mod, you have to run setup.ps1 once
### Linux
  make run to start the Teamspeak client with the mod!
## Troubleshooting
  You have to install python to run this mod, you can find it on the official website
  if the mod doesn't work it's most likely that you haven't install python or you haven't installed it properly
## Issues and Feedbacks
  As sad you can open an issue for Issues and Feedback and improvements
## If u want to support this mod
  If you want to support me on this project you can contribute at it, letting me know or you can share it with who needs it or who you want! :D
